Source: 'How I Grow Revenue With AI Loops: The Three I Run Every Week' webinar, 2026-07-09 9:30 AM PDT
Riverside recording: 268dd33f-c27e-4ec2-86ef-37fb50d4b156 (studio: leveling-up-shorts)
Transcript source: Granola (no timestamps; prose only). Pre-roll setup chatter and post-webinar
internal conversation have been removed - clip only from within this public portion.
Speaker labels: ERIC = Eric Siu, MAX = Max Yang (producer, occasional off-camera replies).
======================================================================

ERIC: All right, guys, it's time. I'm gonna share with you all the AI loops that I use. Maybe not all, maybe just three to begin with, but AI loops I use for work. To help grow revenues faster because all this stuff, all this talk about, oh, you know, I use this stuff to make it my chief of staff. Or you use AI, like use chat GPT. That's not interesting. What's interesting is if it helps you grow your business faster. And for whatever reason. Still to this day, it's July 9th right now. Still people are not really talking about it. I don't understand all these content creators right now. How are you not talking about how it makes, how it makes revenue for your business? Oh, well, maybe it's okay. People are different stages. Maybe they don't have a business, right? Maybe they're solo, which is totally fine, too. But I'm gonna show you real life implementation of these AI loops because people have been talking about loops for a while. But what's interesting to me is yesterday a recruiter reached out to me like a, like someone that has, like, a placement recruiter, and, and he's like, yeah, you know, I use AI for sourcing talent. I was like, oh, great. Fantastic. What are the loops that you build and how did you build them? And he's like, whoa, you know, it's not like from a machine learning perspective, blah, blah, blah, blah. He's right. It's like four paragraphs wall of text. And I'm just like, this guy's no idea what he's talking about. Okay. So I'm gonna first do a refresher on what a loop is and how it's a little different than what an agent is or what a slash goal command is. And if you stay till the end, we'll even share with you the loops creator skill that we have. And you know what? I'll tell you where to go get it afterwards. Even better, because we have even more skills for you there. So you're gonna have to stay until the end for that. And I might forget backstory. I have to revive me or someone might have to remind me and chat. But drop in chat right now where you're coming from, from in the world. And we're gonna get started here. And let's first go through a recap of what a, what a loop is. Okay. So I actually have this nice diagram for you all. So. Share my screen. Okay. Okay. So this is the difference between an agent versus a loop. Everyone's talking about loops right now. Right. So again, loop agent has, there's, there's prompts that you could have. A lot of people, they're not even using prompts anymore. They're too good for prompts, right? Or slash goal command where you tell it to do something and it does it for an extended period of time. For example, right now, I'll show you in a little bit. I've had a slash goal command writing for the last. I think the last 60 hours or so, something like that. It's still running right now. And you can use different tools. You can have different connectors. Right. So you can connect in your CRM, you can connect in your revenue intelligence, like your, your phone calls. You can connect your different project management tools. Like the more tools that you have, the more helpful your agent becomes. Like Hermes, for example, and you can also have answers and artifacts in there. So you can have PDFs, you can have documentation. And, and this is good. Agents are really good. Don't get me wrong. And, and I use a lot, was using my agents this morning. They're really good. They're extremely helpful. Now loops, on the other hand, the main difference, because when people are talking about loops, everyone's like, oh, you know, the creative cloud code, the creator of the creator of open claw. Oh, yeah. You know, it's all about loops. How about loops? And then, like, everyone's talking about, but nobody's explaining it well. And then through a lot of studying over the next, I don't know, one to two weeks, I say a lot of studying, really just me kind of thinking about it every day. Not a lot of studying, but I realized the main difference is that a loop is able to, it's able to record the learnings and it's able to compound on those learnings. Right. People talk about recursive self-improvement but in my mind, a loop is something that is able to. It's able to. Look at what the target state is. So I've, what I, what the example I like to use here is that, let's say, you know, you, you want all of the sites, all the pages on your site to be 50 milliseconds. Okay, that's a target state that you're defining. Well, maybe then you want your loop to be able to observe the current state. So you want to be able to see what the base level is at. So maybe the base level is 150 milliseconds. Okay. So the gap, the gap right now is 150 minus 50 equals 100. Right. So 100 milliseconds is the gap. And then, then the loop will continue to work. And you can have a slash goal inside of a loop, right? And you can have it, you know, run for an extended period of time. And then you can, you can learn, stop or escalate. So this is what we're talking about here. We want to build operating leverage. And I don't think enough people are talking about it in, in this way. And so that's why I decided to make a skill that's tied to it. And I workshopped this a little bit. I shared a lot of these X articles. I looked at what other people were doing with their loops. And I made my own skill with it. And then I realized that I'm like, okay, well, if you're gonna, if you're gonna record the state and you're gonna record the learnings, like, where do you store all that? And so I'm like, can we just, I was just talking to my hermes making this loops creator skill. I'm. Like, do we just put it in repo? It's like, yeah, repo is fine. I'm like, okay, we're just gonna put it in a repo then. So at the end of this, I will share with you where to get the loops Creator skill that we have and also the repo template and a whole host of all of our other skills. It's, it's basically a skills Marketplace. Okay, so what we'll get to that in a little bit, but I just want to share this with you all in terms of what agent versus Loop looks like. Again, a loop is something that can create operating leverage and an agent's good for bounded execution. So that's what I would say. And I'm gonna quickly look at where you guys are all coming from, by the way. So let's see. We got Montreal shot. We got pinehurst, North Carolina. We've got Austin, Texas, we've got Spokane amazing. Thank you for that, Bob. I'll take that as well. We got Minnesota, bill from Phoenix. Okay, great. Orlando, Florida. Okay, awesome. So. And I'll answer you. Keep asking questions as we go because I can see questions coming in from YouTube. I see questions coming in from the webinar as well. Kevin and one of our click flow customers coming in as well. By the way, one thing, one other thing I'll say. So Kevin is a user of one of our, our products called clickflow. Clickflow is an aeo SEO tool, and there's an API for it. There's an API and MCP. Guess what? When you think about your agents over here, when you think about connecting tools, you can connect, like, let's say you're using an SEO tool like Ahrefs. You can use the API there or Semrush, and then you can use clickflow, or you can connect in with your Google analytics for. You can connect it in with your Google search console. You can connect it in with, like, for, for, for me, when I talk to, you know, max on this call over here, I'm like, dude, I talk about so much every single week, and there's, there's got to be at least three or four content spikes that should become content on our, on our website for AEO and SEO purposes. I need to draft it out and then using my friend's company. My friend has a bunch of WordPress businesses. One of them is called wp Vibe. So if you're using WordPress, there's a WordPress MCP there. So imagine it's looking at all the content that I'm, I'm putting out there. It's looking at what's genuinely differentiated. And then it'll use something like an ahrefs to look at, hey, like, is this keyword? Are these topics actually trending upwards? Are they not? Are these perhaps content gaps that we should attack? Then you can use a content writer, like a click flow. By the way, it's free. You can use the, the API MCP for free for a little bit, test it out, see if you like it. And then what you could do is you can use an MCP with WordPress and then push it over there, draft it. I wouldn't say just let it YOLO and let it do its thing. But that's an example of an agent that runs. Now what I'm going to move to next is I'm going to show you the loop that keeps this going. Because the problem right now is I'm talking about an agent here because the problem with an agent, you got to keep running it over and over. It doesn't learn. You got to keep repeating it. And it's like, that's like a solid B player. You know, a B player employees like you got to tell them what to do. Right. An a player employee is like, they just solved the problem and then they compound and they keep learning. I was actually on a standup call about 30 minutes ago, and I was talking to it to, to one of our designers, and I was like. Who, like, you're, you're really good at AI right now. Who had, who taught you all this stuff? Right? And I wasn't expecting him to say me at all. Him. He taught him all this stuff. Good people don't need to be told this, right? And so I would just encourage you all to say this because I had a friend called the other day. She's like, every day I get strong with this stuff. My tolerance for BS goes lower and lower. And you all should feel the same. So if you're working on a company right now and you find that there's a lot of inertia around you, go find another company, right? But, but, but if you're running a company right now and there's, there's a lot of that BS around you, you got to drop the hammer. Right. And you can drop the hammer in a nice way, but, like, that's all I'm saying. So I digress. Let me show you the AEO loop here. This is the first Loop that I'm going to show you. And, John, maybe I can tie this into the cloud and Uber suggests MCP. You know, we'll come to that in a second. So I'm seeing Neil later today. We're going to be recording marketing school, too, by the way. So let me move my share to my codex. So codex is my daily driver. I like codecs, even though I have cloud code as well. And so I think you all can see this. Okay, great. So this is my geo AEO loop. Okay. And maybe I'll, I'll put this in the area, the, the, we're going to have a section for loops for that, that skills Marketplace. I'll show you as well. But the way I see, the way this works right now, like, this is working for a very long time. All this here, I'm going to save watch. Hey, I'm doing a webinar right now. Can you explain in one sentence what this actually does and how high leverage this is on a scale of one to 100? And that's a little thing. While this thinks, too, by the way, I always like to ask the question. I like, I want my AI to push back on me. I want it to be my thought partner. So one through 100, like what? Like how high leverage is this? I want to know how genuinely differentiated is this, or is it just like a, like a, like a BS thing? And oftentimes I'll share, I'll be sharing my whatever I'm reading on X. I'm just constantly sharing it to my Hermes. Or maybe sometimes I sharing it to my codex over here. So what does it say? Look, guys, I don't even have to work. I just. This turns SEO and AEO work into an operating loop that finds page opportunities, drafts or updates content, quality checks it routes it for human approval, and then tracks results over time. Leverage 92 out of 100 if we connect it cleanly to publishing and analytics feedback. How does it work in one sentence? What connectors does it have? Right. So I'm going to keep working here. So what I'm actually doing right now as I'm going back and forth, look at all this other crap I have on the left sidebar. So every day as a business owner, I think about all the bottlenecks. And if you guys have read the book the goal, highly recommended that you read it. So, and I highly recommend that you push your, your, your team to read it to, at least your a players, because then they will understand what the theory of constraints are because every business has constraints. Always every business has constraints, right? So what does it do here? It pulls signals from clickflow. Ahrefs brand radar. Ahrefs is a great MCP API, by the way. GA4 gsc. So Google analytics 4 Google search console Hermes content adjuster. So Max here knows that we have this Hermes content ingester where it's, it's pulling my content every single week. At local site and template evidence turns them into update, consolidate, delete net new page actions drafts the work, runs QA stops for human approval, then tracks 7 14 30 day results. Okay, well, how is this a real loop? And how did the loops crater actually help build this and how helpful was it? So. Think about this. If you're running this for 80 and SEO and it's running every single week, imagine if it's pumping out 50 pages for you and then you have an editor that's spot checking these and maybe you approved 20 of them. So you have a 20 new ones coming per week. Or maybe if you have a travel website and you have a lot of pages under travel website, you can go a lot more aggressive if you want to. Right. And then you could probably have a loop that spending time just focused on AEO optimizations. Do you have an FAQ? How's your schema markup doing? Right. All these things. Oh, you can probably like all the things that you do right now are a loop. Like come on. Like if you're not setting these up right now. You are, I think you're wasting time in terms of how you work. So. Excuse me. So it is a real Loop because each run has state evidence scoring action decisions. Human Gates and follow-up measurement. Observe page content signals. Choose next URL action draft or prepare packet. Evaluate quality duplicate template duplicates template fit. Ask for approval. Guess what? If your SEO agency or SEO sucks, fire all of them. You don't need them anymore. Right? I'm sorry. You don't need the ones that aren't good. You need the ones that are good to run. You need the ones that are good to run this stuff. You need the ones that understand how to compound themselves. You need to have the ones that understand how to, how to create leverage out of their, out of their lives. Right. Like honestly, if, if I were like a, if I were coming out of college right now, I'd be having a, the time of my life. Because. Because I played a lot of games growing up, and I'm like, dude, like. I think I'm going to be a failure. Like, this is when I was a kid, by the way. I'm like, man, I think I'm going to be a failure because, like, all I, all I want to do is play games. But. This feels like a video game. And actually, Max, people can't hear you, but, like, Max, does this kind of feel like a video game? Like, right now for you, I'm going to see what Max says. Go ahead.

MAX: Yeah, for sure.

ERIC: Max says for sure. I don't know if he's just appeasing me, but I think, I think he's actually telling the truth. And when life feels like a video game to you and you wake up, you look forward to it. Right. And you, and then you realize that you only want to hire people that work like this. Okay. So anyway, all that to say, we're going to come back to this in a little bit. But my point is you guys can all see this. Like, it doesn't have to be an AEO or SEO thing. How does this apply to social media? Because I'm sure the, the, all of you watching this right now, the, the wheel should be turning in your head. How can I make this work? Like, what is the most annoying thing right now that I can make into a loop? Now I'm going to move to the next one to give you some more ideas. I have a CRO loop over here. Okay. So this CRO loop. Okay, so like. What does this do in one sentence and tell me how it's a real Loop and tell me what connectors it has and tell me how high leverage this is on a scale of one to 100. You guys see how I'm doing that? Same thing over and over. In fact, go to YouTube later. Take the transcript from this video. Okay. And just say, hey, how do I scale if I everything Eric is talking about? That's how lazy you can be now. Be smart. But be lazy. All right. So Jack says weekly scan my website traffic. What's the workflow for making SE loop? Well, you got to stay till the end for that because we will share the repository. Versus the marketplace and where you could get our skills and our Loops. All right, so let's see. Let's see. Where do you get the results of your codex Loop? So basically the way this works right now is you can see that there's a little clock next to this thing. You can do the same thing in cloud code as well. You can do the same thing with your Hermes. You can set up cron jobs and you can have the desktop app and you can, you can look at where all your skills and where your cron jobs are. If you're using Hermes, I highly recommend using the desktop app. Like for someone like me, I get lost a lot because there's just, I have so many things running in parallel. But this is a real CRO loop because it runs scheduled live site and ga4 readbacks record state artifacts, compares conversion rate against Baseline and Target decision roles and escalates keep, win, lose, iterate. Connectors are ga4 service count public site checks and codecs cron local repo plus Vercel robot contacts when approved because it's hurt. So this is 86 out of 100 leverage because it turns homepage CRO into repeatable decision system, but still lacks randomized a b submit. Okay, watch. So I don't like at 86. Right. Because when you're Asian and 86 is considered an F. Okay. So. I want you to put together a, I want you to do a ux review on this, and I want you to put together a team of expert. I want to, I want you to put together an expert panel of ux. Ux UI people that are best in class and also conversion rate optimization people that are best in class to figure out what we need to do to improve this to make this a 95 plus. So I want you to continue to score this until it becomes 95 plus. And then in one sentence, tell me the changes that you would make. And let's go from there. So what I'm doing over here is I'm saying, oh. What did I say? I want. I want you to do a ux review. So that is pull term gary tan. He has gbrain and g stack. So he has CEO review, UX review, Finance review, like all these different reviews that you can run. So these are skills that I'm pulling in here. And look, look, look, three skills. I didn't like, I forgot I had these. Okay, so there's, we, like, apparently we have an expert panel on. We have a paid CRO and we have a design review skills as lenses, and we're just going to let this work. Okay. But my point here is that every single week, this is going to run a new test. And it knows the baseline number is 1.80% right now on the conversion rate for Singlebrain.com. and I said, hey, just raise it, raise it by 30 in the next four weeks. This is something that was a full-time job before. Right. In terms of having someone that's on top of your CRO, not anymore. Same thing with my a SU piece. Okay. Not only is it scatting content and gesture, it's getting my website too. It's getting for opportunities. Maybe it's also scanning the web too. You can use, you can. You can. Sorry about that. You can also combine that with other skills like mat, matt van horn has this. It's called last 30 days. And you guys can look it up. But the last 30 days skills is really good because you can just say, hey, use it last 30 days skills to look at what's trending in marketing or AI or business. And in fact, I use that today for marketing school because I'm recording in a bit with neil. And it came up with, with some pretty good ideas. In fact, I'll show you those ideas in a moment. And let's see. Let's see what's happening over here. Okay. It answered me a little too quickly, so we'll see what happens. So let me pull up marketing school for today. I'm going to show you the topics that it came up with. And this is, in fact, something I can make into a loop, too. If, if, if I show here, let me just share my screen real quick. I'm going to move. And then maybe I'll answer some questions as we go along. So let's move over here. Okay, great. So. Let's see. Okay. Notice today. Is the 9th of July. All this is from the last 30 day skill. Okay. So. Sorry, guys. I don't know why the coughing is coming out now, but your attribution dashboard is lying. Cold email reply rates are collapsing. LinkedIn wants you to own, wants to own b2b creator discovery. Software is becoming marketing. Okay, that's pretty good. Your brand is visible in AI search. Okay, guess what? This is. I think they gave me 10, 10 ideas, 15 ideas, something like that. And then I gave some ideas here, too. And I said, hey, I threw in some ideas. Also add in the hook. I want you to add in the hooks here and add in the hooks. What if half, half of companies need new CEOs? So ex-Google president, 50% of companies will need new leadership. 95% of AI transformation is failing. Why are 95 transmission? Okay, this is all good because then now I don't need to think about what are the hooks I'm going to have for short form content. Okay. I don't need to think about what's interesting because last 30 days will look, it'll look up the entire internet and look at what's interesting. Guess what? I can plug that into my AEO thing. So you just, every single week, it's not like you're done working. You're constantly adding more and more to the loops that you have. And you're also probably deprecating loops that don't make any sense to keep. But like if you continually do that, and this is why, this is how we teach our people internally. Like how, like we do this pod of one apprenticeship right now and I'm going to come back to codex in a second. But we do this part of one apprenticeship. Why do we do this? It's where I'm doing like a group training with the people who are AI pilled. Most, most people are AI pilled at say in that meeting. And then we are trying to make one person. We're trying to give one person the ability to do 10 different things. And so a week ago, it was more so about. Building the right skills, having someone else use the skill and then make a loom around it to kind of verify it. And so that's the first piece. But now we're moving on to loops. So how do you make a loop? How do you verify it? Excuse me. Okay, so. That's that. That's how this works. But hopefully you guys are seeing how all this stuff you can actually, actually daisy chain them together. And that, that's why it's very important to have a skills marketplace as well. Because you want to be able to share the wealth. There's no sense in me. Doing this all on my own if I can't share this with my team. And I can't help my team get better. There's actually a failure on my part if I become way stronger and my team becomes weak. Like they don't, they don't get stronger. That means I'm not a good leader. Right. So as much as possible, your job is to bring the people who want to come along and create the conditions for success. And there's going to be a contingent of people that don't want to come along and they're going to self select themselves out. But that is the way the world works. And I was talking to a friend of mine the other day. Her business does about 14 million a year. And she was like, you know, again, like every day I get stronger with this stuff. My tolerance for BS becomes lower and that's how you should feel. Okay. So let me move over to codex and then I'm going to show you. Okay. So specifically 95 plus changes. Okay. Change the hero to the name the buyer and outcome directly. For example, deploy manage AI revenue agents for say, okay, great. So these are, these are all the changes it's recommending. And then these are things that I might, I might just let it run next time. So like, let's just ask it. Like I'm actually wondering what's going to happen. So. Okay, so what happens here? If, if your test this week succeeds. Then like what you do next or if it fails, then what do you go next? What do you do next? Like I'm on a webinar right now and I'm showing people how this works. So kind of do a good explanation here in terms of. Explaining your logic in terms of. How you would lift our conversion rates by 30% in the next four weeks. Okay, so while that works, I'm going to show you one more thing. This is, I'm going to make this into a loop. But this has been running for the last two days and 14 hours. Okay. So 60 hours. This thing's been running for 60 hours. It's a slash goal command. It's building our talent OS recruiting loop. Right. And so let me just, let me just see what this is. Okay. So I'm going to show you what I did here. Bring the talent OS recruiting loops up to date across this documentation over here. And then inventory completed work, reconcile existing changes, implement safe local changes in order, validate what tests and stop before external rights. Okay, what does this do exactly? With recruiting right now? Cuz recruiting is a big bottleneck for us because we only want to hire AI pilled people. And by the way, if you're AI pilled and you're looking for a new gig and you think you're that damn good, we would like to talk. Just go to singlegrain.com apply again Singlegrain.com apply. So looking at this over here. You know, some of the best people that we've gotten have come through sourcing. Okay. And we want a machine that can basically source through LinkedIn. It could also source through emails as well. And it will follow up. It'll also optimize the messaging that it's sending to people. Also look at the, the roles that we're prioritizing every single week because it, it kind of changes for us quite frequently. So right now you can see the, the platforms that it's touching right now. Let's look at team tailor, which is our, our ATS. Our applicant tracking system. There's LinkedIn. It'll look at juice box, which is our AI kind of sourcing tool, Gmail. And I look at other candidates that we have. And they'll start to spot patterns and you want a system, a recruiting system that continues to get better. Guess what? You no longer have to pay all these contingency fees with recruiters. Okay. You now have a machine that can do this for you. So, like, all this stuff that I'm showing you right now, like, if you're a business owner right now, you can see all the problems in your business. Every single day. What's the highest leverage problem that you can make into a loop? Every single day? And sometimes it's better for you to just focus on one loop for the rest of the week. But I'm telling you, man, like, this is probably the last three, four weeks once I understood how loops work, this is one of the highest leverage things that I can do. And I love doing this stuff. I'll tell you what I don't like. I don't like dealing with people problems, right? Like the a players on the team don't have to worry about anything because they just want to get better all the time. What I hate dealing with is, you know, I just don't have enough time. Oh, it's too hard, right? I don't know how to do it. Right? You have to put your foot down as a leader and say, those excuses might have worked seven months ago. Not anymore. Right. And you get what you tolerate ultimately. Now, I get it. Some of you, maybe, maybe you're newer leaders, but I'm telling you, I used to care so much about being liked and being a nice leader. Nope. Nobody likes that. That's weak. All right. So that's how this, this is, this is building right now. So sometimes these, these loops take a while to build, again, working for 60 hours. I'm going to show you one more. I'm going to show you my Mr. Su sponsorship one, which I showed last time. But I'm going to show you how it's, it's getting better. And, oh, actually, we have this HubSpot hype gene one over here. What this one is, it's like looking for, it's coming up with suggestions on what to fix or update from a hygiene standpoint in HubSpot. Right now, we're still having a human in the loop review the changes that it's recommending. Then once we iterate on it, it's, it's going to become better because some of these things sometimes, like, you have to, as you're building these loops, you have to still be the human giving it feedback. You have to constantly be iterating with it. Otherwise, if you just expected to build it all for you with, with limited context, you're going to get garbage. So that's that. Oh, what else? Chat GTM light loop handoff. Okay. This one's cool. Max. I don't know if I say you in this article. But this article was written about. So this chat GTM thing. So I read about a guy at, he's the head of go to market at cursor. And, you know, he's talking about how all of his sales routes will have, like, a brief every morning for the, the calls that they're getting, get, going to get involved with. And then also it makes, like, a custom landing page for all of the, the, the, let's say the discovery calls that they're about to have, and so they can go through that custom landing page. So imagine when you get on a call with someone's doing a demo with you and they show you a custom landing page, and it's like, it's clearly, like, set up just for you. And they, they went, it looks like they went through time and effort to do that. How much more likely are you to win that deal? It's going to go up significantly. Right. Your conversion rate is going to go up significantly because it shows that you went above and beyond. And so he does that. He preps people before the call after, and he's made all these things. Nobody asked him to do this at cursor. So this guy's name is george, and I didn't realize this afterwards. I'm like, wait, this name looks familiar. Guess what? This guy went to my high school and he's a valedictorian. He's much younger than me. He worked for my friend's company for a little bit. My friends has a fun with jake paul, and I think he does some business with logan paul as well, too. But my friend jeff, you know, hired this guy before, and then now, now, now he's, he's, he's at this company. Right. And so I'm just looking, I'm like, you know what? I might just reach out to him. But what's easier right now is I just took the post itself. Hey, which, which repo does it make sense to build this into, into a loop using the loops creator? You see how lazy I am? I have a loops creator skill. I have an article that I like, and I'm like, hey, we might have repos that are related to this. In fact, I know there are as it relates to sales. I want to build out what he's talking about. As it relates to what we're doing on the sales side. So it's almost like those of you that follow basketball, I'm like, I'm trying to be dis point guard where I'm just kind of, like, creating these little loops, maybe getting them 60, 70, 80 there. I'm prototyping them. And then once I feel good about it, then I can hand it off. And so I think the job of the founder or like a leader now is you're becoming this, this, this point guard where you're distributing the ball quite a bit. And even when we talk to clients on a single brain side where we do these implementations for, for clients, these, these manage revenue agents, it's. It's a very collaborative call because everyone wants to do this stuff, but sometimes they just need a little Direction. Right. And so all that to say is, like, you know, once you start to show people how to do this, like, we work with other Founders that we show them how lazy we are being with this. You know, it, it just basically becomes a drug. So I'll leave it at that. So. I think I have. I'll show one more, and then maybe I'll answer some questions here. So my, I showed you guys this one last time, but I have this Mr. Siu sponsorship one. Okay, so I have no idea what it's doing right now. Okay. Here's, here's what I'll say. I have this loop that basically handles my sponsorships that come in for my YouTube or my podcast. And basically it messages, it replies to people saying, Mr. Siu's rate is $25,000 for one post. What inevitably happens is they'll say, oh. Sorry, we can't afford that. We just want to do an affiliate deal. Our budget's only a thousand dollars, it's 500, 100, whatever it is exactly. And then my thing became smarter and smarter over time. It was like, you know, I'm sorry, Mr. Siu is very committed right now. It's $25,000. That's all he can do. Let us know if that works. Right. So it, like, it draws a hard line. And then what started happening afterwards is like, well, it was like, people are like, okay, well, if it's $25,000, like, you know, how, like, what are the usage rights? You know, what, what's, you know, can we put, you use Detroit's? How long did usage rights last word? Like, all this other stuff that I haven't been thinking about. So now what happens is. This loop learns over time. It's running every single day. So now when it responds to people, it's like, hey, if $25,000 works for you, you know, our usage rights are for one year and it's for this and that. And so it starts adding in all these things. And sometimes it'll check with me if I want to have that in there, but it's adding it in there and it's making the responses better. It's making them more like crisper because it's starting to see all these patterns. Right. And all this stuff is just ultimately pattern recognition at the end of the day. So for me, I don't want to deal with having to deal with this. And I also don't want to hand this off to someone on my team to deal with this. Like, in fact, like someone on my team could be doing something that's higher leverage. And so again, you think about all the things that annoy you right now, prioritize them and then start to think about how you can loopify this stuff. So I'm going to start to answer some questions now and maybe I'll jump back to my screen share if things pop up. So let's see. I'm going to answer some questions. Let's see. Okay. Let's start with the. What do we got of the. Okay, not that one. I think you want to interact with child. Okay. Got it. We have a really, you want to just throw a good one up, Max, if you saw a good one.

MAX: Yeah, let's see.

ERIC: So. John. Okay, you can throw one up, but I know John asked one about having all this stuff hooking with clog code or Ubersuggest MCP. You totally can do that if you want to. And the next one would be from Bob McIntosh. I think. You got that one? Okay, so this one, could you share how you're framing to your team to step up? I find that I think my team is generally afraid AI will take their job. I keep saying it's about 10x and productivity, not replacing them. So it's been seven months. And here's what I'll say. The last week of December, I I. That's when opus 45 took off and I went crazy on it. That was my Christmas vacation, basically. Right. And so I, I told everyone at the beginning, like, everyone's going to have to be proficient with cloud code by in six months. Now we've got all this other stuff, right? We've got Hermes, we've got, you know, we've got, you know, we've got Fable 5, we have open AI chat, GPT 5.6 that just came out today. Seoul. Right. So. All that to say is that I've noticed that the people that, that had that sense of agency, the people that wanted to grow, the people that have a good relationship would change and they're very adaptable. They ate it up. There needed to be not, not really any pushing. So we're doing all these hackathons. We're doing all this, you know, we're doing these AI office hours and things like that. We're meeting with people one-on-one but I've just found that you can't change mindsets that easily. People have to change it on their own. I just feel that it's your job as a company to set up the conditions for success. And if people want to come along, they can come along. The other thing, too, is. If people have that mindset where they're genuinely afraid of it. My real question for that, Bob, is like, how much time are they actually putting into it right now? Right? Because it's like there's. If they're genuinely putting the time into it, they'll realize that AI is, is my friend likes to say it's IA. It's an intelligence amplifier. But if you're continually afraid of it over and over and over again, you're starting to become a liability to the company because it's no different. Like, you could try all this different framing. Oh, this is no different than when the first internet, when the internet first came out. And, you know, people are a lot faster because of the internet. But this time, the, the only problem that I see with this is that you have synthetic intelligence. And if you're compounding with the intelligence, the Gap's going to get bigger and bigger. And so in my, in my mind, it's like, hey, you set up a condition for success. If people want to come along, they come along. But if not, you have to be, you have to, you have to make decisions for your company. Because if not, you're going to have two companies. You're going to have one company, one part of your company that is super AI pilled and they're having fun every single day and they're working super hard. And, you know, I, I just worry about their burnout and I worry about, you know, how do we, how do we pay these people the best long term? Right? That's what I worry about. Then there's the other side where it's a different, it's a different conversation. It's where you start to hear the things. Oh, it's too hard. I don't have enough time. I'm overwhelmed. Right. But then it's like, what, what? But, like, I'm working so hard right now, and I'm like, yes, it's my business. But I don't, I don't have, like, I've certainly felt overwhelmed before. I don't feel overwhelmed right now. In fact, it's more so I can't stop myself from working because it's so fun. Right. So that's what I would say. Like, you don't want to have two cultures right now because that's going to cause culture clash and that's going to hold you back from achieving your goal. So that was a longer answer to what you're looking for. But I hope that helps. The next one.

MAX: Where do you get the results of your codex? Loop?

ERIC: Yeah, I think I answered that one. You can throw it up. That's fine. Okay. So. Where do I get the answers, the results from my codex loop? So it drops into codecs and it would do the same thing inside of your cloud code as well. You could run CLI, you can, you can run this in the CLI as well. You can also do this inside of your Hermes agent or your open call agent as well. So there's that. The workflow. Let's see. Let's see what else we got here. I'll scroll down. I forgot that I can actually pull these up myself, too. Okay, so let me pull this one up. Let's show this one. I want you to show it for longer. Let's do. 20 seconds. Here we go. So Joe asks, you shared how your AI just pulled skills and ones you didn't even remember you had. How are they set up to go in and get, use them? It's a skill. And the skill sets to go search dojo or. Okay, so here's what it is. A lot of my skills live in my private repo and github, and I just connect my github, my codex to my github. I connect my Hermes to my github. I connect my cloud code to my github, and that's how they play together. And I, I did forget to tell you guys, too, if you guys want access to these skills and the skills that we have that we've shared publicly, I think I uploaded, like, 150 of my own. But, like, these loops, we're going to be sharing these loops in there as well. Just go to skillsdojo.com. so I got to domain guys skillsdojo.com. i think there's a wait list for it right now, but you can sign up for it. But our whole intention here is to have it be public for everyone. So you guys can share your skills in there. And maybe if you, if I have a skill, like if, sorry, if I find a skill that, that you guys have that I like, maybe I'll fork it. So I might Fork it and then I might make it into my own and might make it for my, my own use cases. But we want to democratize these, these skills out there for everyone to, to use. Right. And that, that way, it makes it easier for you to train your team. It makes it easier for your team to, to start to use loops as well. So, yeah, skillsdojo.com and then let's do, I'm going to pull this up, this one up from Jack. What are you checking with all these requests from your loop? Slack, my slack channels. Okay, don't do slack. So if you're going to use loops, you're going to set up all these, like cron jobs are even hard to keep up with. I wouldn't use lock for that. And, like, I even tried making a cron job Channel in slack where, where Hermes would report in there or even codex would report in there. It's too difficult. So I like, again, I like using the Hermes desktop app. I like using codecs if you're going to build the loops in there. I like using the cloud code app because it shows you, you can see, like, it has a little, like, blue thing. Hey, it's, it's time for you to come back to this. Or when it's, when it's a recurring Loop, it'll show, like, a little clock and it refreshes every single day, right, or every single week or however often it's happening. So that makes it easier for me to come back to it. And I can see with my codex that I have 84 schedule things right now, I probably can cut 50 of them. So you want to make sure that you pair them down every once in a while as well. So in terms of cost, let me pull this up. So in terms of cost for running some of these loops. Like. I have API usage if I need it. I have. Two 200 codex accounts, like the chat between Max. So 200 bucks, 200 bucks. I have another 200 bucks for cloud code. And if I need to switch to API usage, I will do that. And so for like a fable five, for example, as of in three days, it's going to be usage based. Let me cough real quick. Okay, so. And then the other thing, too, is to consider is this. The reason why I like using chat GPT is because they're so generous with their. Their plans because you basically get for 200 bucks, you get $14,000 of usage. That's like what it, what it's mapped out to be in terms of how generous they are. And for 200 bucks with claude, you basically end up only getting 8,000. And I can actually tell the difference. And there was a month where I paid about $14,000 on api usage. So I know it feels just about right. Like, I can tell. And so they can't subsidize forever. But if you're watching this right now, you guys should just go to town on it and max out your usage every single week. You can even set up. Like an eval loop to run through all the stuff that you have running every single day and to basically try to, try to do a token burn before you, before your, your usage refreshes. That's what I would recommend. That's something that, that, that you can work on. So let's see. Let's share this one over here. Actually, let's go to this one real quick. What AI tools are we using to edit our podcast? One, I don't have the best answer for you. I could tell you. I could tell you we're using Higgs field. I can tell you for, like, the, some of the b-roll I can tell you, I think we're using descript a little bit as well. I can tell you that there's other stuff I would like to use. Oh, we use overlap for making the, the mid form clips that we have that we throw onto X on LinkedIn. So that's been pretty good for us. And then we, we also use Riverside. So you guys are on the Riverside webinar right now. So Riverside's been good. They have an MCP now and. Yeah. So have enjoyed Riverside as well. And then there's some AI tooling within beehive, but it's, it's nothing too special right now. That's what I would say. And then. Joe says you shared how your AI. Okay. Yeah, we talked about skills, dojo. So go to the skills dojo if you want the, the skills Marketplace that we have. It's for, we're making, like, a really public version, like, next week, but it's, it's, you should be able to opt in immediately and you should be able to get access to all these skills that we're talking about, all these loops that we're talking about. So let's see. So Anthony says, I think what you're seeing when you're seeing progress, it becomes contagious. But there's meaningfully time cost to get to the point with a team moving things to get there, in, in my opinion. So yes and no. It's not hard for me to, I don't need to push the people to understand this stuff. If I need to push you, you're probably not a fit to work at my company, at least for me. And, like, everyone could be different. The best people don't need to be pushed. And so you might be arguing like, well, you, it's not realistic for you to have, like, the best people across the board. And I would challenge that because a lot of the people that I'm talking to from a recruiting standpoint right now that would love to join the company. They would join today. If we could get them today. And, like, that's how, like, the way I'm looking at it now, I was like, oh, crap. We might actually need to raise money. If I want to get all the people that I want to get right now and also take care of the current people that we have, we need to raise money because we're building, we're building the services as software thing with Single brain that fits into Singlegrain. Right. And so I don't know. I, I was thinking, Anthony, like in the beginning of the year, okay, we're just going to train everyone up. And I've realized that that's a fallacy that, that you think you could train people to be motivated, that you can train people to, you know, be relentless Learners, to, to be biased to action. You can't, you can't train that. That's a mindset thing. There's certain things that are much easier to trade and there's something that's much harder to train. And I think if you're going to, if you're going to make a transformation like that to become a Relentless learner, to have a bias to action, to make bold long-term bets, to be super resilient, you have to go through a lot in life, and there has to be. You have to be built a certain way. And so I thought we could do that in the beginning of the year. And I just realized this, like, seven months into it. You know, we've created conditions for success, and the ones that are, that they had it all along. Like, it's been no problem for them. It's. Frustrating for me. To see the people, the other people that don't want to take it on because it. It makes me feel like I failed as a leader. But, you know, at the end of the day, I think about it, I'm like, well, I, I can't, I can't make them change their mindset. So long-winded answer for you. But that, that's what I would say, Anthony. I thought I could, you know, train it all up. Nope. Can't do it. So. So there's that. Yeah. Anyway, so here's what I'll say. Go check out the, go check out the skills Dojo, and we're going to continue to talk about loops that we're building out. We're even building out this game right now that maybe I'll show you guys for a second. And then we posted this yesterday to Twitter. It actually did pretty well. And I would say this. So. We have this image over here. So fable five just turned my company into a video game. Now, is this live right now? Like, no, only I'm testing it. Right. So here's a lesson for you. So I made this using famo five. You have like a marketing Hub, a product lab, a sales engine, and you can see if buildings are on fire, if, like, you need to fix things for these buildings, you can also set up quests as well. You can see recent activity. There's a leaderboard, there's active quest. And so you can give people rewards. Or maybe if they get a certain amount of XP, they can claim it for rewards. Right. But then you can gamify your company. It will also be make it very transparent. Who's crushing it and who needs help? And for the people that need help, maybe they truly need help and you just need to help them. Or maybe they don't, they don't want to work. That's a different problem. Right. But we're going to be testing this internally to see what the engagement looks like. And if you're going to roll things out, just make sure if you're rolling out skills, if you're rolling out loops that other people, at least one other person is adopting it. So there's, it's not just a bunch of theater. So that's what I would say. And you guys should drop in chat, too, by the way, as we, as we go through. It's like, what else you guys would like to see? Because we're doing these, what, these weekly webinars right now. We're also going to bring on guests. Like next, I think next week or the week after. We're going to. We're going to bring on Cody Schneider, and he's going to talk about how he uses AI in the context of paid media. That's something that I don't really talk about myself because I'm more of a SEO background. So let me know what other topics would be interesting to you. Drop it in the chat. And other than that, thank you all for your time. And I hope you all have a good rest of your week. And goodbye.